
+++++
August 18, 1997

I instrumented the program so that it should produce a (hopefully)
useful error message when/if it fails to get a user's name from the NDS.
In that event it will prompt the user for the necessary information thus
allowing the program to run normally.

+++++
August 4, 1997

I created a FSE version of the LC program. It is possible to select
which version you want by setting appropriate #define symbols at the top
of the file. I have not yet approached the problem of the "unknown" user
names that come up at (apparently) random times.

+++++
July 20, 1997

I'm trying to compile this beast using Borland C++ v5.01 at home. I
brought the .LIB and .H files from the SDK here but when I link it under
the IDE I get an out of memory error. I can link it from the command
line (using an IDE generated makefile) but it seems to use 30 MBytes of
virtual memory when I do that. I can only assume that DOS support with
this compiler is buggy -- or at least not very efficient!

I don't know how I'm going to get things done in the time I have
allocated. I'll try to find a way. I sent Charlie a version of this
program that *should* be identical to the current LC program except that
the changes outlined below have been made and I compiled it with Borland
v5.01.

+++++
May 13, 1997

I've started the process of overhauling this very old, patched together
program. Today I moved the entire program to C++, updated the timer
module to my Timer class, updated scr.c to portscr.cpp, threw out
local.h and replaced it with environ.h/standard.h, and got the whole
thing to compile and link again. It wouldn't link at first because it was
running out of memory in DGROUP (required more than 64 KBytes). This was
because of the large number of "topics" supported (1000) and the large
number of messages per topic (1000) supported. I lowered both of those
numbers to 256 so that it would link. Charlie felt that those values
were appropriate.

Next: Review the code and clean it up what's here.

